First causal impact analysis

1. Likes, Views: metric growth is visible during the campaign
2. Users_feed (DAU): no increase detected
	2.1. including new_feed_users: no increase detected
3. Users_mess: looks like the campaign which should influence on feed metrics led to an increase in messenger service audience
4. UsersWithLikes_share: during campaign share of active audience, which liked post at least once a day, increasing
5. Posts: there is an increase in viewing old posts during the campaign period
	5.1. including new_posts: no visible effect in the increase viewing new posts
6. CTR: minimal effect, unclear, does it influenced by campaign or not
7. ER: audience engagement increased during the campaign period


There is no long-term effect from the campaign, some metrics increase just at flash mob time.
The campaign had a significant impact on audience activity, but no influence on users amount (regular and new).





Causal impact analysis with trend

1. Likes, Views: the metric growth is still visible
2. Users_feed (DAU): with trend it seems like metric decrease
	2.1. including new_feed_users: but amount of new users a few higher than expected
3. Users_mess: flash mob didn't influence on amount of messenger DAU
4. UsersWithLikes_share: during the campaign some users who only viewed posts become to do like (but only during the campaign), the increase in this metric is extremely small
5. Posts: there is an increase in viewing old posts during the campaign period
	5.1. including new_posts: no visible effect
6. CTR: no visible effect
7. ER: audience engagement increased during the campaign period


With trend CausalImpact model shows other results. 
For example, we can say that:
- campaign do not influence on amount of users; amount of new users has a few increase, but we cannot correlate it with flash mob with 100% probability
- share of users with at least one liked post has a few increase, but this increase is so tiny that we cannot be sure in campaign influence
- CTR has no increase detected despite the activity increase (likes frequency didn't growth)





Causal impact analysis with trend and second predict metric

1. Amount of active users and new users are not influenced by campaign
2. Same, share of users with at least one like are not increase
3. Same, CTR are not increase
4. Same, new posts amount are not increase

We can say for sure that: users activity and their ER are increase during the campaign, but amount of users and creating of new content are not increase at all. 





Conclusion: 
- there was no long-term effect from the flash mob, 
- the audience was pleased with the activity and took part in it, but it didn't inspire to save this level for a longer time
- apparently, users are already have a habit with this activity level and marketing campaign will not effect
- analytic offer to increase valid auditory, it can make more contents and more activity


